Add cluster wide resources to Asset Store (#2823)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/asset-store/docs/06-04-clusterbucket.md

```
apiVersion: assetstore.kyma-project.io/v1alpha2
kind: ClusterBucket
metadata:
  name: test-sample
spec:
  region: "us-east-1"
  policy: readonly
status:
  lastHeartbeatTime: "2019-02-04T11:50:26Z"
  message: Bucket policy has been updated
  phase: Ready
  reason: BucketPolicyUpdated
  remoteName: test-sample-1b19rnbuc6ir8
  url: https://minio.kyma.local/test-sample-1b19rnbuc6ir8
  observedGeneration: 1
```

## Custom resource parameters

This table lists all possible parameters of a given resource together with their descriptions:

| Parameter   |      Mandatory      |  Description |
|:----------:|:-------------:|:------|
| **metadata.name** |    **YES**   | Specifies the name of the CR which is also the prefix of the bucket name in the bucket storage. |
| **spec.region** |    **NO**   | Specifies the location of the [region](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/components/assetstore-controller-manager/config/crds/assetstore_v1alpha1_bucket.yaml#L34) under which the Bucket Controller creates the bucket. If the field is empty, the Bucket Controller creates the bucket under the default location. |

> | **spec.policy** | **NO** | Specifies te access mode to the bucket. Us one of `none`, `readonly`, `writeonly`, `readwrite` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **spec.policy** | **NO** | Specifies the type of bucket access. Use `none`, `readonly`, `writeonly`, or `readwrite`. |
```

| **status.lastheartbeattime** |    **Not applicable**    | Provides the last time when the Bucket Controller processed the Bucket CR. |
| **status.message** |    **Not applicable**    | Describes a human-readable message on the CR processing success or failure. |
| **status.phase** |    **Not applicable**    | The Bucket Controller automatically adds it to the Bucket CR. It describes the status of processing the Bucket CR by the Bucket Controller. It can be `Ready` or `Failed`. |
| **status.reason** |    **Not applicable**    | Provides information on the Bucket CR processing success or failure. |
| **status.url** |    **Not applicable**   | Provides the address of the bucket storage under which the asset is available. |
| **status.remoteName** |    **Not applicable**   | Provides the name of the bucket in storage. |

> | **status.observedGeneration** |    **Not applicable**   | The generation observed by the ClusterBucket Controller. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **status.observedGeneration** |    **Not applicable**   | Specifies the most recent generation that the ClusterBucket Controller observes. |
```
